as most of you who are parents know the
Elf on a shelf has become a time-honored
holiday tradition the elf watches your
kids and reports back to Santa but it's
been around for a while now and I worry
that it's starting to lose its gravitas
I've noticed the kids are not they're
not so worried about it anymore they
don't fear the elf anymore so this year
we came up with a new product that I
hope will make your kids behave Bigley
the creators of Elf on the Shelf bring
you a bigger better Christmas tradition
Trump on a stone a musical rendering of
our president-elect sitting in the faux
wooden tree stump hide Trump on a stump
all around the house to watch over your
kids and make sure they behave you never
know where he'll pop up next Trump on a
stump doesn't report to Santa while
reports directly to the Pentagon through
built-in cameras and hidden microphones
inside his head so when your child
misbehaves special analysts alert Border
Patrol who immediately have him deported
make your holidays great again with
Trump on the stump pencil a pencil
separately
[Applause]
[Music]
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares